So we have to model and the schema so the blueprint for our product how can we use this logic to create
new JavaScript objects.
And Indian to create new documents stored in our database.
Let's get started by creating a new file here first.
A mongoose Che s file because I want to keep both the Mongo J as and the Mongoose code here for you
just as a reference in this Mongoose file will now at the logic to create and get new products.
First start with creating products and we'll use Mongoose for this purpose.
Therefore we have to again import Mongoose 50 require syntax here.
So that's Mongoose but we also want to use our model in here.
Therefore we should also imports for that we create another constant.
And you can name this whatever you want but as refer to our model and as we can use this model to create
a new javascript object based on the blueprint Indian convention is to start with capital letter here.
So the constant product would be equal to again.
You require syntax but now referring to our models folder and here the product file you can omit the
file extension here.
Now to create the product based on this model we create another constant.
Again create product as we had it before in demand would you be part.
This will again be an asynchronous task here.
Quest response and next.
And now in this function we want to use our model to do that.
We need another constant here and this will now be d created product.
So not create product but to create the product.
So the end this should now use our model to create this new javascript object and as it turns out our
product.
So our model that we use in the end can be instantiated as.
Here our model function is a constructor function.
Therefore we can again use new here and refer to our model and here we cannot pass in a javascript object
and interest javascript object.
We can pass in the information required for our model for our product schema in the end.
And what is required.
Well it's again
our name and we get the name from the requests body that we send that inside the body to should be name
proper team.
And same thing for the price.
This is also provided in the request body but here the price.
So this is our create product logic.
We will also use this in our app as fine of course.
Therefore we can also use our export syntax here once again to make sure this works by the way I'm not
using module exports at this stage because technically we only have one export now but we will add D
get products logic soon and I want to be able to easily switch between D Mongo and Mongoose file in
app J.S. therefore I'm using this export syntax.
At this stage what's missing now though is the logic to connect to our database.
Now while Mongoose and of course also to finally store the document the created document in the database.
These are the next steps.
Now.